us army unit
turned the usual return from the teachings
in propaganda performance
dozens of american armored vehicles
will pass through the territory of several
Eastern European countries participating in
the sales
instead of throwing a technique with
landfills in estonia and lithuania and poland
the train crew were ordered to go to
the basis of its course the distance to it
is 1800 kilometers
the column route goes through Latvia
Czech Republic to Germany on the way the troops will do
several stops to brag
heavy machinery in front of the local
population official purpose of the operation
show solidarity with NATO allies
in the face of possible threats from
Russia so-called dragoon exit
already caused a strong reaction in social networks
not all users were delighted
play one of them put under
doubt the stated purpose of the operation
asked if the column is on the way
leading to the third world
another twitter user called march
Americans in Europe
prolonged invasion someone ridiculed
name of the march calling him
idiotic and considering it American
propaganda trick for target
audience in the next comment
military column named way
spread goodwill by
show strength
and this user suggested that
Czech troops must guard
Americans from locals not
impressed by their march this criticism
action is not limited to one
twitter user even compared
american march with nazi parade in
poland in 1940 according to polish
anti-war activist so
us demonstrative behavior strengthen
tensions in europe so-called
dragoon departure this part is larger
NATO attempts to secure its military
positions in eastern europe here in
Poland anti-war movement should
oppose military infrastructure
nato and against any attempts
militarization and increased presence
Alliance of course here strongly
militaristic propaganda and sure
many are beginning to understand that with all
this situation is something wrong